a. Username for 'https://github.com': joshw10
Password for 'https://joshw10@github.com':
Counting objects: 4, done.
Delta compression using up to 4 threads.
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 441 bytes | 441.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/joshw10/Assignment1.git
   4bd9447..9c4f8b5  master -> master

b. git rev-list --all --count
   5

c. git log .gitignore
   Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019 -0500

d. Branches are used in a GIt repository so that any changes that crash or messes up a program does not effect the master branch. In addition, branches are used to help organize workflow more efficiently.

e. Git status shows the working tree status in which encompasses what you would commit by doing git commit and what you could commit by running git add before git commit. On the other hand, git log shows the commit logs.

f. git log --follow -- Weapon.h

g. git log --grep='file'

h. Inheritance is a way for one class to acquire properties of another class.
   Polymorphism is the ability to redefine methods for derived classes by processing objects differently based on their data type or class.
   Encapsulation involves bulding data and methods that work on that data within one unit usually to hide internal representation or state of an object from the outside.

i. The main difference is that the integration does not have lieutenants, instead the developers have a public repository that they push to the integration manager which is similar to a dictator in dictator and lieutenants workflow.

ii. A team with 100 developers would benefit more using the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow because each developer won't be pushing their code to the master branch which could cause numerous problems. Instead, having a dictator recieve the changes from lieutenants and then having the dictator push changes to master branch where lieutenants can rebase from makes it more efficient and easier.

